Do you think you would do this to me?
The emperor will not let you go, and Shanggong will not let you go.
They won't let me go, but they won't let you go either.
Think about it, as the emperor of a country,
What would he allow his woman to have with other men?
And you think he doesn’t know,
When he gave me your male hand,
He knows everything,
But he still gave you to me.
No, I am innocent, Li Xia will never attack me.
You are overthinking it. From the moment we entered this practice together,
Even if he doesn’t want to believe it, he has to believe it.
It’s really the hardest.
What is passed on is participation
Everyone thinks that this Huang Hou is hurting the country.
Experienced and qualified
This court disciple said
Of course I have to verify it myself
I'll give you a choice
Choose me
You and your family are safe
If you don't want me to leave the palace immediately,
I shouldn’t care about what happens next.
You can really guarantee that of course
It’s for Young Master Mo Yi, Young Master